Translation corrections (#367)
07th-mod/higurashi-console-arcs: Update/omot_007.txt

//r自分の行動が、発言が、思考が、誰かの生活や存在さえにも影響を及ぼして、否応なく巻き込んでいくことを意識せずにはいられなくなる。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "自分の行動が、発言が、思考が、誰かの生活や存在さえにも影響を及ぼして、否応なく巻き込んでいくことを意識せずにはいられなくなる。",

> 			NULL, "My thoughts, words, and actions can affect the lives and very existence of others and get them involved whether I want them to or not. I need to keep that in mind.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "My thoughts, words, and actions can affect the lives and very existence of others, and get them involved whether I want them to be or not. I need to keep that in mind.", Line_Normal);
```

//rその向こうに見える小さな背中に、肩に、いつになく固く、冷たい、氷のような気配を感じて俺はじっと、しばらくの間その背中を見つめていた。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "その向こうに見える小さな背中に、肩に、いつになく固く、冷たい、氷のような気配を感じて俺はじっと、しばらくの間その背中を見つめていた。",

> 			NULL, "Her unveiled small back and shoulders exude a harsh, ice-cold aura, leaving me speechless as I stare at them for a while.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "Her unveiled small back and shoulders exude a harsh, ice-cold aura, leaving me speechless as I stared at them for a while.", Line_Normal);
```

			NULL, "\"That's right.", Line_WaitForInput);
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 5, "ps3/s14/05/210500234", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "リーダーは、常に尊敬とそれに見合う勝利を求められるのです」",

> 			NULL, " A leader always seeks respect and victories which will earn them just that.\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, " A leader is respected because they're always seeking victory.\"", Line_Normal);
```
